Replace `setuptools` with `scikit-build-core` and CMake. (#73)
y-scope/clp-ffi-py: README.md

* [ruff][10]: `ruff check --fix clp_ffi_py tests`
  * This performs linting according to PEPs. You should review and add any
    changes to your PR.
* [gersemi][9]: `gersemi -i -l 100 --list-expansion favour-expansion CMakeLists.txt`

>   * This formats the cmake config. You should review and add any changes to your PR.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * This formats CMakeLists.txt. You should review and add any changes to your PR.
```

[6]: https://clang.llvm.org/docs/ClangFormatStyleOptions.html
[7]: https://cibuildwheel.readthedocs.io/en/stable/
[8]: https://clang.llvm.org/extra/clang-tidy/

> [9]: https://github.com/rizsotto/Bear

Reviewer 2: Do we want to reshuffle the indices here?

Author: sigh, good point... I will reuse this index [9] for `gersimi` (which I forgot to add)
